README.md, before:

# HairCare API

## Base URL: https://haircare-api-3.herokuapp.com/api

## Endpoints

### Authorization
| Request | URL | Description |
|---------|-----|-------------|
| POST | /auth/register |Add user to database. Requires at least `username`, `email`, `password`, `location`. |
| POST | /auth/login | Login. Requires `username` and `password`. Returns a token to be stored on the client side `authorization` header - all requests below this require a token. |

#### Example register input:
```
{
    username: "username",
    password: "password",
    email: "email@email.com",
    location: "City, State",
    is_stylist: true, // optional, will default to false if not given
    profile_url: "http://imgurl.com/img.jpg", // optional profile iamge
    profile_info: "I am the user's profile description. I am optional and have no character limit."
}
```

#### Example login input:

```
{
    username: "username",
    password: "password"
}
```

### General Users
| Request | URL | Description |
|---------|-----|-------------|
| GET | /users | Returns an array of all users. |
| GET | /users/:id | Returns a single user based on the given ID params. Will return an error if the ID doesn't exist. |
| PUT | /users/:id | Edit user. Returns the updated user object. Will return an error if user tries to edit another user. |
| DELETE | /users/:id | Delete user. Will return an error if the user tries to delete another user. |

### Stylists
| Request | URL | Description |
|---------|-----|-------------|
| GET | /stylists | Returns an array of all stylists. |
| GET | /stylists/:id | Returns a single stylist based on the given ID params. Will return an error if the ID doesn't exist, or if the ID belongs to a user with `is_stylist` set to `false`. |
| POST | /stylists/:id/reviews | Add a review for a stylist. See input requirements below. |

#### Example review input:
```
{
    title: "Review Title", // optional title
    text: "This is the body text of the review. I have no character limit.",
    stylist_rating: 4, // integer 1-5
    haircut_rating: 5, // integer 1-5
    img_url: "http://images.com/img.png", // optional photo
    img_description: "This is a photo description, I am not required."
}
```

### Photos
| Request | URL | Description |
|---------|-----|-------------|
| GET | /photos | Returns an array of all photos in the database. |
| GET | /photos/:id | Returns a photo by ID params. Will return an error if the ID doesn't exist. |
| POST | /photos | Add photo to database. |
| PUT | /photos/:id | Edit photo `img_url` and/or `description`. Cannot edit other users' photos. |
| DELETE | /photos/:id | Delete photo. Cannot delete other users' photos. |

#### Example photo input:
```
{
    img_url: "http://images.com/img.png",
    description: "This is a photo description, I am not required."
}
```

## Example Data

### General User
```
{
    id: 1, // automatically generated
    username: "isabela",
    name: "Isabela",
    email: "isabela@cat.com",
    password: "password", // will not return in requests
    location: "New Haven, CT",
    is_stylist: false,
    profile_url: null,
    profile_info: "I am a cat"
}
```

### Stylist
```
{
    id: 1, // automatically generated
    username: "test",
    name: "Test Stylist",
    email: "test@gmail.com",
    password: "password", // will not return in requests
    location: "New Haven, CT",
    is_stylist: true,
    profile_url: "https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/10442143",
    profile_info: "Hi this is my profile!",
    photos: [
        // array of photos posted by stylist (excludes review photos)
        {
            "photo_id": 1,
            "user_id": 1,
            "description": "This is a photo",
            "img_url": "https://picsum.photos/400"
        },
        {
            "photo_id": 2,
            "user_id": 1,
            "description": "This is another photo",
            "img_url": "https://picsum.photos/500"
        }
    ],
    reviews: [
        // array of reviews posted by customers
        {
            "review_id": 1,
            "customer_id": 2,
            "stylist_id": 1,
            "photo_id": 3,
            "title": "This is a review",
            "text": "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus accumsan nulla a elit hendrerit porta. Nam nec mollis velit. Nulla et ipsum sit amet quam fermentum interdum. In quis enim vulputate, convallis velit in, vehicula mauris. Mauris blandit arcu nisl, nec finibus augue molestie in. Sed vitae facilisis nisi.",
            "stylist_rating": 5,
            "haircut_rating": 5
        }
    ]
}
```

### Photo
```
{
    id: 1, // automatically generated
    user_id: 2, // generated based on id of logged in user
    img_url: "https://picsum.photos/500",
    description: "This is a photo description.",
    review_photo: false // only set to true if uploaded as part of a review
}
```

### Review
```
{
    id: 1, // automatically generated
    stylist_id: 1, // generated based on id of stylist
    customer_id: 2, // generated based on id of logged in user
    photo_id: 5, // generated based on id of photo given, will be null if no photo was uploaded
    title: "Review Title",
    text: "This is the body text of the review. I have no character limit.",
    stylist_rating: 4,
    haircut_rating: 5
}
```

Commit message:

Updated readme to include review endpoints

README.md, after:

# HairCare API

## Base URL: https://haircare-api-3.herokuapp.com/api

## Endpoints

### Authorization
| Request | URL | Description |
|---------|-----|-------------|
| POST | /auth/register |Add user to database. Requires at least `username`, `email`, `password`, `location`. |
| POST | /auth/login | Login. Requires `username` and `password`. Returns a token to be stored on the client side `authorization` header - all requests below this require a token. |

#### Example register input:
```
{
    username: "username",
    password: "password",
    email: "email@email.com",
    location: "City, State",
    is_stylist: true, // optional, will default to false if not given
    profile_url: "http://imgurl.com/img.jpg", // optional profile iamge
    profile_info: "I am the user's profile description. I am optional and have no character limit."
}
```

#### Example login input:

```
{
    username: "username",
    password: "password"
}
```

### General Users
| Request | URL | Description |
|---------|-----|-------------|
| GET | /users | Returns an array of all users. |
| GET | /users/:id | Returns a single user based on the given ID params. Will return an error if the ID doesn't exist. |
| PUT | /users/:id | Edit user. Returns the updated user object. Will return an error if user tries to edit another user. |
| DELETE | /users/:id | Delete user. Will return an error if the user tries to delete another user. |

### Stylists
| Request | URL | Description |
|---------|-----|-------------|
| GET | /stylists | Returns an array of all stylists. |
| GET | /stylists/:id | Returns a single stylist based on the given ID params. Will return an error if the ID doesn't exist, or if the ID belongs to a user with `is_stylist` set to `false`. |
| POST | /stylists/:id/reviews | Add a review for a stylist. See input requirements below. |

#### Example review input:
```
{
    title: "Review Title", // optional title
    text: "This is the body text of the review. I have no character limit.",
    stylist_rating: 4, // integer 1-5
    haircut_rating: 5, // integer 1-5
    img_url: "http://images.com/img.png", // optional photo
    img_description: "This is a photo description, I am not required."
}
```

### Photos
| Request | URL | Description |
|---------|-----|-------------|
| GET | /photos | Returns an array of all photos in the database. |
| GET | /photos/:id | Returns a photo by ID params. Will return an error if the ID doesn't exist. |
| POST | /photos | Add photo to database. |
| PUT | /photos/:id | Edit photo `img_url` and/or `description`. Cannot edit other users' photos. |
| DELETE | /photos/:id | Delete photo. Cannot delete other users' photos. |

#### Example photo input:
```
{
    img_url: "http://images.com/img.png",
    description: "This is a photo description, I am not required."
}
```

### Reviews
| Request | URL | Description |
|---------|-----|-------------|
| GET | /reviews | Returns an array of all reviews in the database. |
| GET | /reviews/:id | Returns a review by ID params. Will return an error if the ID doesn't exist. |
| PUT | /reviews/:id | Edit a review's `title` and/or `description`. Cannot currently add a photo after the fact, and cannot edit other users' reviews. |
| DELETE | /review/:id | Delete review. Cannot delete other users' reviews. |

## Example Data

### General User
```
{
    id: 1, // automatically generated
    username: "isabela",
    name: "Isabela",
    email: "isabela@cat.com",
    password: "password", // will not return in requests
    location: "New Haven, CT",
    is_stylist: false,
    profile_url: null,
    profile_info: "I am a cat"
}
```

### Stylist
```
{
    id: 1, // automatically generated
    username: "test",
    name: "Test Stylist",
    email: "test@gmail.com",
    password: "password", // will not return in requests
    location: "New Haven, CT",
    is_stylist: true,
    profile_url: "https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/10442143",
    profile_info: "Hi this is my profile!",
    photos: [
        // array of photos posted by stylist (excludes review photos)
        {
            "photo_id": 1,
            "user_id": 1,
            "description": "This is a photo",
            "img_url": "https://picsum.photos/400"
        },
        {
            "photo_id": 2,
            "user_id": 1,
            "description": "This is another photo",
            "img_url": "https://picsum.photos/500"
        }
    ],
    reviews: [
        // array of reviews posted by customers
        {
            "review_id": 1,
            "customer_id": 2,
            "stylist_id": 1,
            "photo_id": 3,
            "title": "This is a review",
            "text": "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus accumsan nulla a elit hendrerit porta. Nam nec mollis velit. Nulla et ipsum sit amet quam fermentum interdum. In quis enim vulputate, convallis velit in, vehicula mauris. Mauris blandit arcu nisl, nec finibus augue molestie in. Sed vitae facilisis nisi.",
            "stylist_rating": 5,
            "haircut_rating": 5
        }
    ]
}
```

### Photo
```
{
    id: 1, // automatically generated
    user_id: 2, // generated based on id of logged in user
    img_url: "https://picsum.photos/500",
    description: "This is a photo description.",
    review_photo: false // only set to true if uploaded as part of a review
}
```

### Review
```
{
    id: 1, // automatically generated
    stylist_id: 1, // generated based on id of stylist
    customer_id: 2, // generated based on id of logged in user
    photo_id: 5, // generated based on id of photo given, will be null if no photo was uploaded
    title: "Review Title",
    text: "This is the body text of the review. I have no character limit.",
    stylist_rating: 4,
    haircut_rating: 5
}
```
